[Maestro Fermata]
Previously on  Kidding...
Maddy!
Piano time!
I'll take her.
Did you hand-fuck
my husband?
So what's your
second-favorite instrument?
[atonal squeaking]
ToyCo has been begging us
for a talking Jeff doll.
This year, we're finally
gonna give it to them.
We're talking the hottest
Christmas gift
of the season.
In six weeks,
I'm gonna be dead.
Vivian's not doing well.
My name is Viva Lost Pages.
What's one more Jeff?
There's a difference
between Mr. Pickles-san
of Japan, or Monsieur Cornichon
du France,
or Herr Gherkin
von Deutschland.
all speaking Japanese
Sayonara.
[director] Katto!
speaking Japanese
[applause]
♪ gentle music ♪
♪♪♪
Arigatou.
speaking Japanese
Hai, arigatou gozaimasu.
♪♪♪
Kintsugi.
Pickles-san...
speaking Japanese
♪♪♪
[old Pickles-san]
speaking Japanese
♪ warbling electronic music ♪
♪♪♪
[plane engines roaring]
♪ upbeat music ♪
[both] Whoa.
♪♪♪
I see.
- Whoa.
- Ah.
I'm gonna need a tutorial.
First, what you need to do
is just tap the icon.
Put in the name of the person
you want to FaceTime.
This is gonna be awesome.
♪♪♪
Whoa.
[Vivian] Whoa.
[sighs]
This is my friend Vivian.
She wasn't healthy enough
to make the trip.
She wanted to see the ocean.
Hello, Vivian.
Welcome to Los Angeles.
Whoa.
[Vivian laughs]
♪♪♪
The ocean makes the sunset
look so special,
but you make it spectacular.
The sun is getting jealous.
♪♪♪
You're welcome.
Dolphins!
Dolphins.
Do you see the dolphin?
There's a dolphin.
♪♪♪
Hey.
We need to talk
before he gets here.
Okay.
You first.
I've been thinking
about this a lot,
and I feel that...
if it would make you happier,
for M-Maddy
to take piano again,
then she should take piano,
and I'll just deal with it.
Oh.
She seemed happier.
I don't think that's true.
Plus, she's getting
so good at clarinet.
- [Maddy] I am?
- Yes, honey.
I just think she may have
liked piano better,
and if her heart
is set on piano,
then you just--you can't change
someone's heart.
I think
piano was just a phase.
You do?
[Maddy]
It was?
Yes, sweetheart.
I think she was confused.
She was born
a clarinet player.
Piano's just
this weird choice she made.
She was never really
committed to piano.
She--she probably wishes
she never took piano
in the first place.
[Maddy]
Was I not good at piano?
It was awful.
Dee Dee, from now on,
we are strictly
a clarinet family.
I am committed
to making this
a clarinet family.
[Maddy] You guys need to be
more supportive of my dreams.
[doorbell rings]
♪ easygoing music ♪
Konnichiwa.
[laughs]
Pikurusu-san desu.
[Scott] Maddy?
This is Mr. Pickles-san.
He's gonna follow Uncle Jeff
around for a few weeks
and then bring back
what he learned to Japan.
And occasionally babysit.
speaking Japanese
Oh, I'm--I'm sorry
Jeff couldn't host you.
His living situation
isn't optimal
to board guests right now.
My... English I...
Mm...
Not amazing.
[laughs]
♪ gentle music ♪
Sado-Shimi.
speaking Japanese
♪♪♪
Sado-Shimi?
Sou.
Sado-shimi.
[Maddy] Thank you.
[Pickles-san] Thank you.
Arigatou.
♪♪♪
[Jeff]
I have a message, all right,
but I don't know
if they're gonna like it.
♪♪♪
We're ready to record
whenever you're ready.
Okay.
All of history
travels on the human voice.
Amplified, it can shear
a man in half,
sentence 2 million Polish Jews
to Dachau,
or spread the Book of Matthew
from Mount Zion
to a Roman river.
Thousands of malleable minds
will rip this doll
off the shelf,
and I don't know
if they'll see it
as a god or gremlin.
But...
I won't drop nightshade
into children's ears.
Um, so, I don't think
we're allowed
to stray
from the approved script.
I'd like to,
if that's all right.
[woman] Of course.
What do you want to say?
[Jeff] Allahu akbar!
Allahu akbar?
No, I don't like
those words.
They scare the dirt
off of me.
Well, maybe
they'll be less scary
if we explain what they mean.
[Jeff] Allahu akbar
is an expression
that means
a lot of different things.
[Jeff] Mainly, it's used
as a greeting,
like we say "Hello,"
"good-bye."
[as Uke-Larry]
Or... "aloha"?
That's right,
Uke-Larry.
So if we went to Hawaii,
we could say,
"Aloha-u akbar."
Um... Sure.
Allahu akbar.
Forced to leave
their homes at gunpoint
and march on foot
with whatever they could carry.
It led to the deaths
of over 20,000
Indigenous Americans.
"Indigenous"?
Indigenous.
[Jeff] That means
they were here first.
The Cherokees called this
the Trail of Tears.
Oops.
That's right, Oops.
Even governments
make mistakes.
♪ whimsical music ♪
Disconnect
the teleprompters.
I did.
That's just him talking.
[Rabbi Epstein] Grace and I
wrote him a powerful scene
in which Snagglehorse
goes apple-picking,
and he wrote,
"Despair is an eagle."
[Rabbi Epstein]
What does that mean?
♪♪♪
Without a diverse group
of meaningful relationships,
we can't see
certain populations
as actual people,
and we subconsciously
tune them out.
[Jeff] And your depression
is something
you should never
be afraid to talk about
with the people you love,
because if they really
love you...
They'd tell you
that Ronald McDonald
wants to walk our black youth
into a food desert
and leave them there
without their pants on,
because he wants
to charge you for water
and he wants
to charge you to pee.
Don't expect compliments
from an insecure person.
Too many people think
this country's
a stone-cold gray corpse,
but it's not.
It's a living,
breathing organism.
♪♪♪
And we've got
to keep kicking it
to make sure it's alive.
Yee-haw!
For every 90 minutes
of footage we shoot,
only 12 are borderline usable,
and that's before we cut out
the veiled Marxism
and songs about genocide.
[Jeff yelling]
Whoo--hoo!
The show
was right there
beneath the surface
the whole time
[both gasping]
I thought it was an end,
but it was just a rust
oxidized over the beginning.
♪♪♪
Sorry.
I forgot my eyeballs.
speaking Japanese
Thank you.
Allahu akbar.
Good night.
He can do whatever he wants.
Say whatever he wants.
Maybe I want
to look in a lens
and scream a little.
speaking Japanese
Not that they'd let me
near a camera.
Sometimes, I--
I'm Soap Scum's
limp right hand,
and even then,
it's obscured
by a shower curtain
that... I created
in my dorm room.
[American accent]
The true artist...
is both victim and warrior.
You speak English?
I'm not speaking English.
♪ wondrous music ♪
♪♪♪
speaking Japanese
Oh.
♪♪♪
What makes
your puppets special
is the life you put
inside of them,
not the people
hiding behind them.
♪♪♪
What's your real name,
Pickles-san?
Mm, who I was doesn't matter.
I'm Pickles-san now,
always and forever.
Maybe we both like to hide.
I hide from myself
all the time.
I think that's why
I married Scott.
He's...
I didn't want to know myself,
so I chose a man
who could never know me.
He's the one who wanted kids.
I only exist
for other people:
Maddy and Scott and Jeff
and my dad and...
♪♪♪
It's easy to exist for them,
because I don't know how
to exist for myself.
I don't know how to want.
I'd rather bleed
in front of a doll
than live
in front of my family.
♪♪♪
That's how I grew up.
We are a family
who loves from afar.
But loving others
from afar means
what they give you in return
is always at a distance.
I'm better from afar.
I'm all scars up close.
♪♪♪
You know of kintsugi?
Hm?
It is the practice
of making art
by breaking something special
and gluing it back together
with gold.
Your scars
do not mean you are broken.
They are proof you are healed.
Breaking is healing.
Kintsugi.
I don't want you to think
that I chose somebody
who wouldn't be alive
very long
because I thought we
were gonna get back together.
I didn't think that.
Usually, when your husband
starts dating a younger woman,
it reminds you
of your  mortality.
Not this time.
I'm sorry if my actions
hurt you in any way.
Hey, I found
my next relationship
in a hospital hallway.
Maybe I led by example.
When I first saw Peter,
it was like watching
the "Challenger" explode,
but you knew what you needed,
and he put so much color
back in your cheeks.
Thank him for me.
Jeff, you know, nine times
out of ten, when someone
walks through that doorway,
they've just gotten
the worst news
that they will ever get
in their life.
So it would be best for her
if you could find a way
to convey that
her struggle
is your struggle.
We still have to deal
with Thursday.
I'd like you to come over
to Dee Dee's,
bring Peter.
You open to that?
- Yeah.
- Mm.
That was easier
than I thought it would be.
[both laugh]
Whatever you need,
I'm here for you.
The... second line
of treatment pushed
my white blood cell count
past the point of remission.
I'm in remission.
[laughs]
I love you so much.
[both laugh]
Oh, my God.
I have so many credit cards
to pay off.
[hums]
I am so, so happy
to hear the good news
about your health.
Thank you.
I'm... Vivian, by the way.
I'm Seb.
[convivial indistinct chatter]
♪ "How Would They Know"
by Margaret Lewis playing ♪
♪ You say ♪
♪ Scarlet's my name ♪
Arigatou.
Put that back.
No, no,
we don't do that.
♪♪♪
[Peter] Oh, man!
[laughter]
I think it's a miracle.
If she's okay, Jeff's okay.
If Jeff's okay,
everything's normal again.
- [sighs]
- [Peter] You think your sister
would let us watch
the National Dog Show  ?
I didn't know
you followed the Natties.
My nana bred
two runners-up
and one that just plain
broke her heart.
I midwifed
the 2003 Best In Group terrier.
I mean, I say that.
Really, I was just
passing through the kitchen
at the wrong time.
What about last year's
spaniel surprise?
Jaunty, yes.
Jovial, yes.
Champion?
No, sir.
I feel the schnauzers
are under-coifed
and overlooked.
Ever since the Scandinavians
started breeding them,
I've been thinking,
"When is their moment?"
Thank you.
My dad used to have a drawer
full of jigsaw puzzles.
Now he has a drawer
full of condoms.
Mm, my mom thinks
I'm drinking grape juice,
but really, it's wine.
[Will] I'm going to start
the magic show.
Okay, honey.
[laughs]
I said I'm going to start
the magic show.
Whatever.
[Deirdre] Do you still
say your prayers?
[Deirdre laughs]
But--but--wait.
What do you say?
Most of America
eats turkey today,
but my family
eats lasagna, too,
because I'm Italian.
Do you like it?
speaking Japanese
Arigatou.
You know,
I had the best blowjob
of my life
on the bullet train to Kyoto.
speaking Japanese
Sucky, sucky.
Train, train.
speaking Japanese
- Hm?
- Fellatio.
Yes.
[laughs]
Here's to fellatio.
Blowjob.
Show me the charcoal under-rub
of a Swedish show dog,
and I will show you
the infinite potential
of canine husbandry.
That's right, Schnauzer.
Trot that circle.
Alvin-Britches
Dropbottom Delight
did not come to play
with you haughty bitches!
[laughs]
[dog barks]
Vivian keeps talking about us
zip-lining through Honduras
and seeing the fish rain.
You will never forget
the first time
you get kamikaze'd
by a red snapper.
- [Deirdre] Sorry, Pickles-san.
- [laughter]
Deirdre spent a lot of time
in Belize,
working with local populations.
Ah.
I mean, I've only
used my passport once.
The pain meds are cheaper
in Toronto.
- [Seb] Oh!
- [Deirdre] So when
are you guys
thinking of going?
I was thinking midsummer,
right, Viv?
- Mm-hm.
- Could I come?
[Jill] Will, sometimes,
couples like
to travel together.
Alone.
No, no, no.
The more, the merrier.
[Deirdre] I want to go.
We have never
taken a vacation as a family.
We should talk about this
closer to June.
I want to go to Costa Rica.
I guess all of us could go.
Oh, whoa, I'm in--
you know, if invited.
And Scott could totally
plan this.
My husband is a corporate
travel agent.
This would
be his Olympics.
Logistics are my aphrodisiac.
[Seb] What if I pay
for the whole trip?
The Pickles take Honduras.
You don't have to do that.
Could we stay in another place
with chocolate-covered fruit?
Can I room with Grandpa?
We make T-shirts for everybody.
"Out of the Way:
Pickles on Vacay."
I'll ask Derrell
to plan tomorrow.
[Scott] Seb, this many people,
different last names,
hotel rooms?
Let me handle this.
I'm going alone.
You're right.
We don't have to take
the whole family.
It can just be us.
Um, no.
I was gonna tell you later.
I bought a ticket,
and I'm going next week,
by myself.
♪ somber music ♪
♪♪♪
I'm sorry, Jeff.
- Just... everything that...
- [sighs]
...changed when
everything changed,
and I get to start over.
[Vivian] I look at you,
and I see the man
who saved my life.
♪♪♪
But I also see cancer
and... death.
I look at you,
you remind me of death.
♪♪♪
[Vivian] And I have
this gift of time, and,
you know, this--
us--
it made sense
when time was running out.
♪♪♪
Now that I can...
plan ahead,
I'm sorry.
Those plans don't involve you.
They can't.
♪♪♪
I understand.
[sighs]
I'm...
happy for you.
♪♪♪
Fuck you!
Yeah, fuck you!
Fuck you, cunt!
[Maddy] Yeah, fuck you!
[Scott] Fuck you.
- Fuck you!
Fuck you!
[Jill] Fuck you, fuck you,
fuck you, fuck you!
[all but Jeff] Fuck you!
Fuck you!
There's no chemo for dengue!
[door closes]
♪ "Christmas is A-Coming"
with Bing Crosby ♪
♪♪♪
♪ When I'm feeling blue ♪
♪ And when I'm feeling low ♪
♪ Then I start
to think about ♪
♪ The happiest man I know ♪
♪ He doesn't mind the snow ♪
♪ And he doesn't mind
the rain ♪
♪ But all December
you will hear him ♪
♪ At your windowpane ♪
♪ A-singing again
and again and again ♪
♪ And again and again
and again ♪
♪ Christmas is a-coming ♪
♪ And the bells
begin to ring ♪
♪ The holly's in the window
and the birds begin to sing ♪
♪ Now I don't take time
to worry ♪
♪ And don't take time
to fret ♪
♪ And the more you give
at Christmastime ♪
♪ The more you'll get ♪
♪♪♪
[Rabbi Epstein] The line
is "Welcome
to Pickle Barrel Falls,
Viva Lost Pages.
Your new forever home."
Just...
give me a second.
I can do it.
We don't have
to do this today.
Mm...
We don't have to keep
Viva Lost Pages
around if it's just gonna
dredge up painful memories.
[sighs]
A woman is gonna live.
That's nothing short
of spectacular.
I don't really have an excuse
to come in here,
but... you can't
understand me anyway,
unless I'm holding a puppet.
I just...
speaking Japanese
♪ whimsical music ♪
♪♪♪
[Pickles-san] May I tell you
the sad and sordid tale
of a queen enslaved
by the demon
locked in her vulva,
and the warrior
with a steel penis--
whoosh--
who destroyed this demon?
Yes, please.
[Jeff] Have you ever
met a new friend
that feels like an old friend?
This...
is Viva.
[Jeff] A new friend.
And Viva,
this is Ennui
and Maestro Fermata,
your new friends.
They'll probably feel
like old friends.
Do you have any books
on tartines?
Or Mozart?
I feel lost.
[Jeff] You're not lost.
You're home,
and you can stay
in Pickle Barrel Falls
for as long as you want.
- [woman] All done?
- Thanks.
[Viva] Forever?
[Jeff] That's a long time,
but sure.
You get to stay forever.
♪ bittersweet music ♪
[Pickles-san] The great warrior
fought his way
guard by guard
until he made his way
to the queen's tower.
[grunts]
[Pickles-san] But just before
she could embrace him...
[imitates fanfare]
[Pickles-san]
The king arrived on his horse.
Wait, how are you--
[Pickles-san] Please,
don't touch it.
[Pickles-san]
The old ruler explained
the door to the castle
had always been open,
and it was the queen
who had locked herself away.
[disappointed grunt]
- Where's warrior going?
- [Pickles-san] Home.
[Pickles-san]
The great warrior understood
this was a demon
for the queen to slay.
[Pickles-san] Anything else
would be infidelity.
[Pickles-san]
The warrior and the queen
are not meant to be.
Will you stay
through Christmas?
What the actual fuck?
[sighs]
Just... keep editing
the stuff out
that we don't want to see.
Until when?
The show is seven minutes long.
And it's PBS.
It's not like we could
pad it with commercial breaks.
And what happens
when he goes live?
How do we stop him
from puking
his off-brand lunacy
all over his shoes,
and your shoes,
- and our shoes?
- Don't worry.
We're not gonna
let that happen.
Oh, so he's not gonna host
it this year?
Oh, fuck.
Oh, fuck!
[Marsha]
The National Tree Lighting.
I think it's on CBS this year.
That'll be what,
10 million people watching?
How did December
get here so quickly?
♪ warm music ♪
♪♪♪
[Jeff] It's not about
the money.
It's never been
about the money, Gregory.
It's about doing
the right thing.
$42,000 is a lot of debt
for a woman in her thirties.
She has medical bills.
This'll help her heal.
[Gregory] As your accountant,
I can only recommend
what's fiscally responsible.
Maybe we just pay off
the Discover card.
Just pay it all, please.
[Gregory] She's lucky
to have a friend like you.
We all are.
Good-bye.
♪ disquieting music ♪
♪♪♪
♪ "Christmas is A-Coming"
with Bing Crosby ♪
♪♪♪
♪ When I'm feeling blue ♪
♪ And when I'm feeling low ♪
♪ Then I start
to think about ♪
♪ The happiest man I know ♪
♪ He doesn't mind the snow ♪
♪ And he doesn't mind
the rain ♪
♪ But all December
you will hear him ♪
♪ At your windowpane ♪
♪ God bless you gentlemen ♪
♪ God bless you ♪
♪ If you haven't got
a friendly cat ♪
♪ May God bless you ♪
♪♪♪
♪ Christmas is a-coming ♪
♪ And the cider's in the keg ♪